This is some test input to bpchat.
The bpecho should cause it to be reflected back.
Putting a handful of text here seems like a good exercise.
The below is excerpted from draft-irtf-ipnrg-arch-00.

              Desiderata of Interplanetary Internetworking

   Go thoughtfully in the knowledge that all interplanetary
   communication derives from the modulation of radiated energy, and
   sometimes a planet will be between the source and the destination.
   Therefore rely not on end-to-end connectivity at any time, for the
   universe does not work that way.

   Neither rely on ample bandwidth, for power is scarce out there and
   the bit error rates are high.  Know too that signal strength drops
   off by the square of the distance, and there is a lot of distance.

   Consider the preciousness of interplanetary communication links, and
   restrict access to them with all your heart.  Protect also the
   confidentiality of application data or risk losing your customers.

   Remember always that launch mass costs money.  Think not, then, that
   you may require all the universe to adopt at once the newest
   technologies.  Be backward compatible.

   Never confuse patience with inaction.  By waiting for acknowledgement
   to one message before sending the next, you squander tracking pass
   time that will never come to you again in this life.  Send as much as
   you can, as early as you can, and meanwhile confidently await
   responses for as long as they may take to find their way to you.

   Therefore be at peace with physics, and expect not to manage the
   network in closed control loops -- neither in the limiting of
   congestion nor in the negotiation of connection parameters nor even
   in on-demand access to transmission bands.  Each node must make its
   own operating choices in its own understanding, for all the others
   are too far away to ask.  Truly the solar system is a large place and
   each one of us is on his or her own.  Deal with it.

                                        S. Burleigh
